gonna say some stuff or smth

okay why the fuck extracted is so unorganized? I deleted some "Unused" sprites THAT ARE USED


I didn't even know there are bubbles after being hitted by a giant beer lol


mcpig/sertif are so lazy to delete all these stuff LMAO though no judge because yeah it hella takes a lot
of time,,

TV DEBRIS IS USED WHAT? WHY IS GRAY 

wanted to dm author of pt-extracted to ask if I can organize everything ("unused" to thei folders) but I thought
that it's probably it is like in the official original decomp. if is that so then sertif is very bad at organizing LOL

removed unused lines from the code just for fun. no more character == "V"!

making pacifist ranks wohoo that's for my mod

TreyIsh is so goddamn cool guy please dm him saying "you're cool"
same for Floral the Gal, Aitornado_8, PastaG7
also SlavaWOW
heh
they're cool
seriously
do this
DO IT.


want to work on scoutdigo so bad but I will be declined unfortunately

WHY THE FUCK spr_player_ungroundedattack IS USED IT DOESN'T EVEN HAVE PISS-YELLOW CLOTHES
og pizza tower is so weird for me now, a lot of bugs and weird stuff. gonna make a mod which fix all these

daily bugs wohoo!!!

well not so daily


OKAY AFTER SOME DAYS WITHOUT WORKING GONNA START DOING SCRIPTS i mean removing it haha also objectsss
lol there are many people on ds server now. kris noise is real!!!

if you reading this, dm me "Okie Dockie!" as always

mak n sauce is so mean, he didn't even say "sorry" :/  yeah I'm a crykiddo what now

pepcooter and scooter rock ARE USED. they are invisible in the game, but they are used to make 
new save intro properly. if you delete them, stuff will break

spr_ratblock1 is a mask (hitbox) for rat blocks

WTF POGO NOISE WHAT, HOW TO FIX THAT??
nvm I just commented "break;"

spitcheese is bugged??? it shots a lot of time
IDK HOW TO FIX FUCK NO I DON'T WANT TO START FROM SCRATCH
added bombreset = 100 to pepperonigoblin_throw code. it got fixed! though NOT ACCURATE DECOMP.

I'm so scared to delete rest of the objects, what if I break EVERYTHING
though decomp is already good, compiles in literally a minute.
but what if I remove all the objects? idk idk! maybe less than a minute?
gonna make a github repo now.

nearly every sprite was deleted! super cool

IT'S EVEN WORSE WITH OBJECTS. A LOT OF USED OBJECTS ARE IN UNUSED FOLDER

NO I'M NOT GONNA REMOVE OBJ_PLAYER2 THERE ARE A LOT OF SCRIPTS TO CHANGE

why in the world obj_pizzacoinindicator is in Gimmicks folder, it became unused in 2018-2019 (i dont remember)

obj_bombblock is used as a parent for pizzaballblock FOR WHATEVER REASOM so bomblock is actually used

I didn't know Peppino Clones had a unique spawner! (obj_baddiecameraspawner). It's identical to
default spawner, but it spawns enemies off-screen

left werenoise dev team because I'm in the bad mood also I'm useless there now

obj_cullingsystem is used for Peppibot Factory bgs being animated I guess.

obj_cutscene_handler is used in gnomecustomer

obj_pizzafacebrick is used I think

feeling even worse now because nobody from the werenoise dev team asked me what happened. Now I really feel 
myself useless
thing is I could make stuff but usually other people take my job because they want to. it's alright
if I don't know how to do blahblah, but I could make a lot of stuff without a help . .. 

my sisters leaves us in two days to another. kinda sux, but hey, at least I get a bigger room and I will
be home alone for nine days! ha ha!

want to work on glub's "Save the Toppins!" thing but I can't dm him fuck.

want to work on pt Plus but who cares about me right

WHAT THE FUCK TOWER_#UP IS USED???? HOLY SHIT

started to think that it will be impossible to contribute in mods I want to since I will always feel useless
and someone will take my job. ru translation scoutdigo? fishibi! glub's mod? ss and sd team! pt plus? nuh uh! 
who are you boy?
that's why I really want to make my own mod, and probably gonna make it alone.
Huge respect to Trey, I think the only one who actually respects me as the worker. I just show him
stuff I'm working on from time to time and he literally asked me if I could work on his stuff as a coder.
<3

obj_null?!?!?! BALDI'S BASICS REFERENCE

I guess that's all for the objects, don't want to break stuff so there gonna be a little more.
I don't want to delete scripts too...... DOES IT MEAN... IT"S FINISHED??

shd_rainbow? pizza tower but gay?! my favourite update!

some unused sprites are in used foler :///.Talking about heat and rage anims for baddies

sprite1122 - black bg for some stuff (Mainmenu, etc.)
sprite1033 - trigger for something (Achievements, bucket, etc.)
Sprite4102 - a window to "Outside" of the Tower after pizzaface hall
Sprite3518 - decoration for Kidsparty
sprite10332478 - a trigger too, also used for pepperman and vigi bossfights
sprite1030 - race trigger, blocks, etc.
sprite10293 - tile destroy thing
sprite1029 - whatever

I wonder why McPig/Sertif didn't named them.... especially winodw and a kidsparty deco.

bg_productiontube used in industrial_5 but it's in the WAR folder. wow. (have a feeling I added it myself...)

I love how sprites from CTOP are in the hub group while any other level are in levelnamegroup

pillarsecret my beloved

editor_macros has collisionflags so script is used.
Command is used for.... debug commands

Scootertransition is used for the new save file intro
Titlescreen is unused but referenced in the code
same for hub_loadingscreen

YYP IS 712KB OH MY GOD I need to make it 700!!
just for no reason.

shotgunbullet is used

there are a lot of unused noise sprites FUCK

710KB NOW NO WAY

708KB fuck I think it's impossible to do 700 I really don't know what to delete

final round is mod sorry the only good thing is pepperman

YAY 705KB NOW

obj_slaphitbox, revolvershot, play2, junk, are here to not possibly break stuff. Null is used kinda

spr_playerN_machpunch1 is used for mach3hit WTFFFF

I'm gonna left squished and clown tv because they are technically used they are just invisible

704KB btw I think it's done

yeah I think it's done, needs some fixes and that's it. gonna post a new build

sadly but new build is just 2MB less than a previous one (current one - 62MB). But it's alright, it's all
about a Gamemaker Decomp, not a mod.

OH NO I DELETED FAKE PEPPINO HALL TILESET!!!!!!!!!!!

shower appears for some reason even if you checked this cutscene already. HUH! WEIRD!

new build.....

mak n sauce is a great guy actually

penis

a lot of bugfixxing are coming but I need to test it out a bit
also figured out why spitcheese were spitting cheese fast - I removed one line in player create code lmao. though my fix works
fine too, I'm gonna return it back.